okay one of one finger typically you can
see the milk to the milk pouring out of
there
that male get milks pouring out of there
and so you stir the milk with the fish
in they get rid of it for the female and
she's really soft and see they come out
like a rope and so you stir with a fish
in there most people who do this early
wait too long and there's so many eggs
in here now that she was still ready I
would move her to another table yes
right otherwise you have to this this is
a proper density correctly we do another
one
conditioned by haven't stopped eating in
the moment
so you know at the egg stick they're
gonna go and these are all stuff say
they're all stuck already and if you
look closely at these they're it's too
early but within about four hours you
get polar bodies and let's say they're
pretty damn good the fact that they've
all stuck and I've not clumped it's a
good sign that everybody looked at it
but you got to swirl the eggs before
these but before they start to attack if
you don't swirl no chance of their clump
yeah you can't get your fish to breed
you put them up box with oxygen driving
around the city for a couple put them
out take them out the Austin pond okay
what are we going to move to